In the previous section,
you saw how LLMs can interact
with external datasets.
Now let's take a
look at how they can
interact with external
applications.
To motivate the types of
problems and use cases that
require this kind of
augmentation of the LLM,
you'll revisit the customer
service bot example
you saw earlier in the course.
During this walkthrough of
one customer's
interaction with ShopBot,
you'll take a look at the
integrations that
you'd need to allow
the app to process a return
requests from end to end.
In this conversation,
the customer has
expressed that they
want to return
some genes that they purchased.
ShopBot responds by asking
for the order number,
which the customer
then provides.
ShopBot then looks up
the order number in the
transaction database.
One way it could do
this is by using
a rag implementation
of the kind you
saw earlier in the
previous video.
In this case here,
you would likely be retrieving
data through a SQL query to
a back-end order
database rather than
retrieving data from a
corpus of documents.
Once ShopBot has retrieved
the customers order,
the next step is to
confirm the items that
will be returned.
The bot ask the
customer if they'd like
to return anything
other than the genes.
After the user
states their answer,
the bot initiates a request to
the company's shipping
partner for a return label.
The body uses the shippers
Python API to request
the label ShopBot is going
to email the shipping
label to the customer.
It also asks them to confirm
their email address.
The customer responds with
their email address and the bot
includes this information in
the API call to the shipper.
Once the API request
is completed,
the Bartlett's the
customer know that
the label has been
sent by email,
and the conversation
comes to an end.
This short example illustrates
just one possible set of
interactions that you might need
an LLM to be capable of
to power and application.
In general, connecting LLMs to
external applications
allows the model
to interact with
the broader world,
extending their utility
beyond language tasks.
As the shop bought
example showed,
LLMs can be used
to trigger actions
when given the ability
to interact with APIs.
LLMs can also connect to
other programming resources.
For example, a
Python interpreter
that can enable models to
incorporate accurate
calculations into their outputs.
It's important to
note that prompts and
completions are at the very
heart of these workflows.
The actions that the app
will take in response to
user requests will be
determined by the LLM,
which serves as the
application's reasoning engine.
In order to trigger actions,
the completions generated by
the LLM must contain certain
important information.
First, the model needs to be
able to generate a set of
instructions so that
the application
knows what actions to take.
These instructions need to be
understandable and correspond
to allowed actions.
In the ShopBot
example for instance,
the important steps were;
checking the order ID,
requesting a shipping label,
verifying the user email,
and emailing the user the label.
Second, the completion
needs to be formatted in
a way that the broader
application can understand.
This could be as simple as
a specific sentence
structure or as
complex as writing a script in
Python or generating
a SQL command.
For example, here is a
SQL query that would
determine whether an order is
present in the database
of all orders.
Lastly, the model
may need to collect
information that allows
it to validate an action.
For example, in the
ShopBot conversation,
the application needed
to verify the email
address the customer used
to make the original order.
Any information that
is required for
validation needs to
be obtained from
the user and contained in
the completion so it can be
passed through to
the application.
Structuring the prompts
in the correct way is
important for all of
these tasks and can make
a huge difference in the
quality of a plan generated
or the adherence to a desired
output format specification